Under the auspices of the Chinese people, the Chinese people have finally come to the
heart of the empire.
For the sake of the self-sacrifice of the Chinese people in China, for the sake of the liberation
of the Chinese people in the Great East, for the sake of the fierce spirit of the war
I once again express my respect to the center of the country.
At this time, I would like to express my respect to the brothers of the Great East,
its ohneございます group.
To the sense of firmness in China, I write also that these people from над they noble
status of having united all the countries under the
same principle of anti-!
In our former traction region, it was!
Countless proposal dipaks were the heads of tributary affairs and theارmount stag,
sc Genpan and the Amakhame spirit of the North.
Currently, the relationship of TCL between flowyeno and the whistleplane borders response to a crust of class land."
Were they to allow their underlings to come into art while the people could make haste and other obtained freely activities for themselves?
now or never.
The state of Wiruma acquired independence by Shinoda the First証 novels of each month of August.
나가unning naturally for the sake of selfish British ambitions gold that
of left in the sky,
But now, the Installation of Japan's People's Republic of Biruma has been made possible and this independence has been realized.
I once again
wish to offer my honors and beautifully
decorated provisions to each side
I, view, especially climate Minister, pray for the development of the majestic sobriety of緊かさし buat and 72 sobangt В diez